## Realm Power and Domain

The realms exist and interact in various ways. Each has some parts of the world where its powers are strongest. Such areas are said to have an aura, which can be rated in power on a scale from 1 to 10. Most auras rate between 1 and 5, while very intense auras may have a strength of 6 to 9. An aura rating of 10 usually designates a gateway to the realm of its affiliation. The aura rating of a given area usually acts as a modifier on supernatural activities that take place there. Many areas of the world have no realm affiliation, and therefore no aura. These places are mundane.

Within a supernatural area, the aura rating is usually uniform, but occasionally energy is unevenly concentrated, causing variable aura ratings. Sometimes conditions result in the development of regiones, areas of increasingly powerful aura sharing a single physical location (see "Regiones" on [page 244](../page-refs/page-244.md)).

Two realms may have influence over the same place. When this is the case, only the stronger can hold sway at any one time. A change in the relative strengths of the two realms can cause an area to switch from the influence of one to the other. For example, a village might be built on the site of an ancient faerie mound. Normally, the area has a Dominion aura (because the villagers are followers of the Church). However, at night (when Dominion power wanes) or on the days of ancient pagan holidays the faerie aura becomes more powerful and holds sway. Sometimes only a small area, like the cellar of a tavern, feels the touch of a power different from that of its surroundings.